OpenShift API Conventions: no annotations convention (#1399)
openshift/enhancements: dev-guide/api-conventions.md

Functions can be added in a separate repo, possibly library-go if there are sufficient consumers.
Helpers for accessing labels and annotations are not recommended.

### No annotation-based APIs

Do not use annotations for extending an API. Annotations may seem as a good candidate for introducing experimental/new

> API. Nevertheless, migration from annotations to formal schema usually never happens as it may lead to breaking changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API. Nevertheless, migration from annotations to formal schema usually never happens as it requires breaking changes
```

Author: Done

in customer deployments.

1. Validation does not always come with definition. User set values can be too broad and hard to limit later on.
2. Lack of discoverability. There's no pre-existing schema that can be published.
3. Validation is limited. Certain kinds of validators aren't allowed on annotations, so hooks are more frequently used instead.
4. Hard to extend. An annotation value (a string) can not be extended with additional fields under a parent.
5. Unclear versioning. Annotation keys can omit versioning. Or, there are multiple ways to specify a version.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Users can "squat" on annotations by adding an unvalidated annotation value for a key that is used in a future version.
```

Author: Added
